Lindy: New year. new us.
I've arranged to get
the Vermont gang back together.
Les: Are Gary and Meg
gonna be there?
Lindy: Terry. girl. we did it.
Jenna: You famously
fictionalized
your difficult relationship
with your mother.
Diane: I can barely
show my face
at Wine Club Wednesday.
Walter: Your mother needs
her Wine Club Wednesdays.
-That's not a stretch.
-Your mother was protecting you
from your father.
-You are. without a doubt.
your father's son.
Lindy: I would rather die
a six-inch death
than see Les
win a fucking Nobel.
Martin: Hilton is going to sell
the tech to the military.
We can't be party to that.
-Let's finish what we started.
Limitless stabilization!
-It is time you knew the truth
about Les Littlejohn.
-You have no choice
but to eliminate them.
-Tell me why. Why Les?
♪ We'll take Manhattan ♪
Lindy: Slow down.
Terry. be clear.
Les: What is she saying?
Lindy: Shh.
Les: Lindy?
Lindy: Quiet. Okay.
Oh. hell. Oh. God.
Oh. I know. Okay.
She said yes.
-Yes?
-Yes.
-She said yes?
-Yes!
-She said yes!
[both laughing]
Les: Oh!
-Congratulations.
You're getting married.
Good luck.
-No. no. no. no. no. no.
-Married? No.
-She wrote a novel.
-And it's getting published!
-Yes!
-Nobody cares.
It's New York. Swing a cat.
-I love this city.
-Married.
-Oh.
Why would we ever ruin us
by getting married?
-I know.
-It's ridiculous.
-I mean. we live together.
we love each other.
What more do we need?
I mean. it's silly.
-Silly. Right.
-Lindy. will you not be my wife?
-Les. I will not.
-And will I not
be your husband?
-You will not. Les.
-And will you...
-[chuckles] What?
[laughing] What is this?
-Watch this.
-Uh-huh. Whoa. some fast
fingers there. professor.
-And you will now...
-Uh-huh.
♪ The great big city's ♪
-...not marry me?
-[laughs]
-Absolutely not. Never. ever.
♪ Just made ♪
♪ For a girl and boy ♪
-What the fuck is happening?
-Well. I thought we could maybe
make it not official.
♪ Into an isle of joy ♪
-Are we not doing this
or are we not not doing this?
-I don't know.
I mean. we always said
we wouldn't do
the icky marriage stuff.
but...
-But?
-...but maybe.
maybe two nos make a yes?
-We've sworn for years
that we were never. ever...
-I know. I know. But maybe.
-...gonna get married. So...
maybe the really defiant.
nonconformist. rebellious
thing would be for us to...
-Get fuckin' married.
-Yeah.
But...
-But. but
like a non-traditional.
non-bridezilla.
non-wedding wedding.
-Yeah.
♪ We'll stroll ♪
♪ Where first ♪
♪ A kiss we stole ♪
[suspenseful music playing]
[bird screeching]
Lindy: Perfect.
[Les chuckles]
-I cannot believe
that you did all this.
I mean. I...
-Alice?
-Right here. ma'am.
-Oh. there you are.
-Always. ma'am.
-Let's put this someplace...
both: ...safe.
under lock and key.
nothing can happen to them.
-Check.
-Next.
-Flowers.
After the ceremony?
-Transfer to the tables.
-Low stem. vases only.
-Vases only.
-To review.
rehearsal dinner rundown.
Drinks and hors d'oeuvres
on arrival.
Bride and groom welcome speech.
Appetizers and various toasts.
You have the approved list?
-Yes. ma'am.
-Okay. Dessert. Done.
Everybody fucks off.
I get my sleep. We good?
-Good.
-Good. Wait. just good?
-Great.
-Great. Oh. one more thing. Agh!
Videographer.
so very important.
One question only. What is it?
-"What is the secret
to a happy marriage?"
-What do I not want?
-Advice. "remember when."
well wishes.
-Gold fuckin' star.
-Okay. ma'am. Excuse me.
Kevin. classic rectangle.
not bishop's hat.
-Oh. good catch.
Jesus. Alice.
-The font. spelling. placement?
-Placement.
My dad cannot sit
next to my mom.
-We were informed
that a Walt was assuming
the father-of-the-bride
responsibilities. by...
-Fucking Diane.
-...Diane.
mother of the bride.
-Yeah. No. that is incorrect.
We need to start again. Kevin.
-Kevin. we need
to begin again.
-Hold on. What are you doing?
-I am preventing
a nuclear fallout.
She always does this.
-Who?
-Diane.
-Does what?
-Pushes my dad out.
-But he's coming. right?
-Right.
So. we need to seat Jim.
father of the bride
next to Nancy.
Nancy. mother of the groom
from a normal. stable.
functional family
and not my house of lies.
madness. sadness family. okay?
Kevin? Okay. Kevin?
-Champagne or cocktails
before dinner?
-Cocktails. Thank you. Alice.
-What?!
-Champ--no.
-Champagne!
-Champagne. Champagne.
Thank you. Alice.
-Diane and cocktails.
No food. no absorption.
We talked about this.
-Whoa. Whoa.
-She can...
-Let's take a breath.
We're losing sight.
-Thank you for using "we."
-Yeah.
-Oh. my God.
-We...
-What is happening to me?
-...hate--we hate this.
-Right. Right.
-All right?
-Oh. my God.
-We do not want this
-and that's why it's fun. okay?
-[groans]
Everything
that goes bad is good...
-Uh-hmm.
-...because it makes
for a better story.
Our not-wedding wedding
for our not-marriage marriage.
it's all nots. okay?
Rebels of the altar.
It's just us.
-Right.
-It's you and me.
-You and me.
-Okay.
-Okay?
-[sighs] Yeah. Okay.
But. like.
what if I lose control?
-Yeah. what if you lose--
That's right.
-Because I'm really on the edge.
-I think--I think that perhaps
we need a safe word.
-That'd be good.
-Yeah.
-Okay. Like. um...
-Um...
-...uh...
-I know.
-What?
-Like. like.
um. Halloween 1999...
-Yeah.
-...in a sea of Bill Clintons
and Monica Lewinskys...
-Uh-huh.
-...and Linda Tripps.
there were only two...
-Janet Renos.
-Yeah.
-Oh. Janet Reno.
-Janet Reno. Safe word.
-I love it.
-I love you.
-I fucking love you.
-Okay.
-Okay. Okay.
But that flower is not...
-Hey. hey.
-...in the center.
-Hey. come on.
-Okay. I'm gonna...
-Cool. Let's go. Come on.
-I'm gonna let it go.
-Countdown to guest arrival.
T-minus 25 minutes. Twenty-five.
-I did. I did.
-No.
-Yeah. yeah. yeah.
-Hey. hey!
-Martin.
-Hey. how are you?
-Congratulations.
Ohh. Mwah. Oh!
Oh. Oh. sweet redeemer.
Am I the first?
-Always.
-You're punctual.
-Oh.
-And where's. uh--is it Dana?
-No date. or...?
-Uh. Dana and I are exploring
our options in a good way.
-Cool.
-Okay.
-I need you in the kitchen.
-Uh. I'm greeting guests.
I'm supposed to be here.
-[mouths words]
What?
-Okay.
It's nothing.
-Nothing.
-Is everything okay?
-Yes. good.
-Um. so. well?
-Oh. Dana felt
that she needed...
-No. no. no. about the...
-Oh. oh. oh.
You--you know what?
Let's not talk tomato.
-Oh. they passed.
-No. it's....
-They fucking passed. What?
-It's fine. It's fine.
-VC assholes.
They've got no vision.
they've got no fucking...
-Hey.
-...balls.
-Hey. hey.
we'll get there. okay?
I know a guy at Monsanto.
-Kill me
if we end up at Monsanto.
[Lindy chuckling]
Hey.
-Hi.
-Hey. So how was your nothing?
It's fine. Yes. it'll be fine.
-Good.
-How is everything?
Everything fine?
-Fine. fine. fine. Good.
-Oh. they passed?
-No. no. no. it's Dana.
We're hoping
she'll come through. right?
-Um. yeah. Um. hey. you know.
I'll be at the bar.
-Cool. Okay.
-Yeah.
-Diane. Walt.
-Walt needs
to use the restroom.
The signage here. lacking.
-Uh. down the hall.
first left on the left.
-Left? Right.
-No. left.
-Okay. Right.
-Good luck.
Walter: Thank you.
-Okay.
-Snub. Noted.
Les. has he cancelled yet?
-Who?
-Jim.
-Uh. no. no. no. he's confirmed.
-Who said?
-Lindy said.
-No. he's not coming.
You need to prepare.
-Prepare for what?
-Heartbreak. drama. tears.
Walt will walk Lindy
down the aisle.
-I think
Lindy wanted her dad...
-It's handled.
Walt will step in for Jim.
Crisis averted.
less drama. fewer tears.
[Lindy laughs]
[haunting music playing]
[camera whirs then beeps]
woman: Ready?
And what is the secret
to a happy marriage?
-There is no secret. Walt?
-Nope.
-No.
And happy? Unsustainable.
Enough said.
But I will say.
I know it's fashionable
these days
for everyone to express
every single feeling
at every single moment.
but as far as I'm concerned.
it doesn't do anyone
the slightest bit of good.
And marriage--Walt?
-Be nice.
-And if you can't be nice...
be silent.
Walt?
[jazz music playing]
[Lindy chuckling]
-Why the fuck
are you two doing this?
-Terry.
-You mean.
why are we doing marriage?
Hey. hey.
-Uh-hmm. Hi.
-Hi. hi.
-Okay. Be nice. Okay.
-I do have the greatest
wedding present ever.
Open it now.
-No. we're doing gifts.
like. after...
-Now. damn it.
Lindy: Okay.
Is this what I think it is?
Terry: We have
a ton of work to do.
Les: Oh. no. we don't--hey.
-Stop. it can't wait.
-No. it has to wait.
I mean. I have to be here.
-Well. you want to be here.
-Yes. I want to be here.
-Yeah.
-I want to...
-You have to be here?
All right. Stepford.
-I want to be here.
It's my wedding.
-And we agreed
that we wouldn't do any work
on the wedding.
-Right.
-Uh. does your book go
to print Monday. Tomatohead?
-What?
You told her about the tomato?
-Was it a secret?
-Yeah.
Word could get out.
-We don't have any secrets.
Get used to it. Leslie.
-"Word can get out"?
-You have no right
to call me Leslie.
-Is it not your name?
-You have
no emotional right.
-Okay. Hey. hey. baby.
Hey. look who's here.
your mom and dad.
Les: Oh.
Lindy. Mom and Dad are here.
-I--I'm right behind you.
-Okay.
-I'm right behind you.
-"Mom and Dad." How sweet.
-Yeah. I am going
all fucking in
on this new normal family.
-There is no normal.
Do you want your book
in Barnes & Noble or what?
-Yeah. of course I do.
Take a drink.
-I'm getting blurbs
from France.
I'm getting blurbs
from Donna Tartt.
-What?
-She doesn't blurb.
And here you are worrying
about fucking canapes.
-Oh. my God.
-What happened to our pact?
-Terry.
-We marry our careers.
We breed success only.
We date and dump.
No marriage.
no traditional gender roles.
no Midwesterners. no cowboys.
New Yorkers...
need only apply.
-Need only apply.
We were young
and we were not serious.
-We were deadly serious.
-Yeah. but that was
when I didn't think
I was ever gonna...
-No. no. Don't say love.
-...have actual love
in my life.
-I will throw myself
off the roof of this hotel.
-Is it the wedding
you're mad about?
Or is it Les?
-Fine. I don't like either.
But my concern is less about Les
and more about you
moving to the fucking suburbs
and being unable to write.
-I am not moving
to the suburbs.
Les doesn't want that either.
I will never not write.
and I don't vacuum.
so I will be me.
-Now I know I'm fucked.
-It's a wedding.
It's not a death sentence.
-Mm. they're one and the same.
-Yeah. thank you.
Mrs. Littlejohn.
-How was the journey down?
-Oh. no. no. no. Nancy. dear.
Or Mom. you can use.
-How was the drive down?
-Uh. long. Long.
My leg cramped up.
-I don't wanna stir the pot
and upset Diane.
-Oh. no.
-Well. I--Mom. it is.
-Aww. Yay.
-Can I get you anything?
Like ice or aspirin? Or...
-Oh. no. no.
I'm not crying about it.
-The Littlejohns are here!
Les: Hey! Whoa!
[laughing]
-Hey. where can we get
a real drink in this dump?
Hey. Good to see you.
-Hey. buddy.
-Mm. Lindy. looking hot.
Lindy: Okay. Sam.
Well. your wife's right there.
Okay. [laughs]
-Congrats. bro.
-Thanks. buddy.
[Les groans]
Lindy: Jesus!
Watch the family jewels. there.
-Boys. leave your brother alone.
-Mommy's not gonna come to your
defense anymore. Leslie. eh?
-That's Lindy's job now.
-Yeah. well. I'm gonna...
Ha. ha. ha. Okay. guys.
Get in the bar. you know.
-Come on. let's get a drink.
Come on. come on.
Lindy: Yeah. get a drink. huh?
Great to see you.
Frank Jr.: Did you see his face?
Oh. my God. What a loser.
-Do you need ice or anything?
Are you gonna throw up?
-Okay... here we go.
Thank you.
Welcome. everyone. Welcome.
Lindy: Welcome.
Um. we can't tell you
how honored we are
to have you all here. Uh...
-Yes.
Many of you know
that Les and I
never planned
to do any of this.
-Nope.
-Nope. Not at all. No way.
Uh. but I did know.
I did know.
I will tell you this.
that I did know that when.
um. the first moment
that I--that I met her.
something inside me changed.
And I knew
that I wanted to. um...
I wanted her
in my life forever...
and ever.
-And ever. yes. Thank you.
Um. well. alcohol
and a sexy Halloween costume
will do that to you.
That's what got me.
-Um. I will say
that our first date.
like. got off to a bit
of a rocky start. though.
-Ohh.
-Because I had asked her to.
um. the classiest restaurant
that my--
my grad student stipend
would allow.
the Olive Garden.
Lindy: Ohh.
Les: Wonderful.
I was so scared.
anticipating Lindy's arrival.
I was sitting there waiting.
waiting. and waiting.
until it became obvious
to me.
and to the entire restaurant.
that she wasn't coming.
And she had stood me up
at the Olive Garden.
-[crowd groans]
Uh. and finally
a waiter came over
and asked if there was
anything else I needed. um...
My dignity. my pride. maybe.
-[crowd laughs]
Um. and I was about to ask
for the check
when a voice rang out...
-"Your finest house red.
unlimited breadsticks.
and an apology for the sad.
sexy sack at table nine."
[crowd laughs]
Les: I'm glad I waited.
Because those breadsticks
were really good.
To you.
And to me. and to forever.
-To all of those things
and to you. to you for...
-To you.
-...making the trip.
We really--
we love you all so much.
Thank you.
-We do. Let's eat.
-Yes.
-[crowd cheering]
-Aww. lovely speech.
Thank you both.
-Thank you.
Aww. Well. Cute. right?
[sighs and clears throat]
-Uh. attention.
We're having a small issue
in the kitchen.
a tiny delay with dinner.
So we're bringing cocktails
for everyone
to enjoy in the interim.
[men cheering]
-Great.
-No. I have to go.
-No. no. no. We hate this.
-More cocktails?
You know how many cocktails
she's already had?
-We hate this.
-This is a recipe for disaster.
-Gasoline. The match is lit.
-The match is lit. Thank you.
-It is what it is. isn't it?
[fakes laughing]
[clears throat and sighs]
-[chuckles]
Keeping romance alive.
Les is a hopeless
romantic at heart.
Do you remember
those sweet poems he used to--
he used to write
when he was little. dear?
-Mm.
-He would--he would put them
on our pillow every night...
-Uh-hmm.
-...before he went to sleep.
-Glad he grew
out of that one. or...
-I-I remember. um.
"Twinkle. twinkle. little me.
how I wonder...
-Yeah. okay. The rest of it.
-"...what I'll be."
-they get it. They get it.
-[both chuckle]
-Bride or groom?
-Lindy. Best friend.
-Oh. Oh. yeah.
Les is my best friend.
Yeah. how come our paths
have never crossed?
-Oh. I don't like him.
I mean. do you?
-I never thought about it.
-Huh. You didn't say yes.
-Oh. well. now. you...
you caught me off guard.
Well. isn't--
doesn't best friend imply yes?
-Not always.
-I get the impression
you don't wanna be here?
-Lindy wants me here.
so I'm here.
-You here with a plus-one?
-Why. no.
Where's your date?
-It's complicated.
-Ugh. complicated
leads to all of this.
-You're very direct.
-You like it?
-I don't know if I do.
-You will.
Lindy: Hi.
Martin: I don't know if I will.
Terry: Just wait.
-So you're ready for the show?
-Oh. yes.
Gary. when do you think
the show will start?
-What show?
-Wait. is this your first
McMichael event?
-Have you never been
to a McMichael event?
-Yeah. I--no. Why?
-Things are gonna get nuts.
-Oh. we guarantee it. Nuts.
-I predict blood.
-Yes. Blood.
both:
Mm-hmm.
-What kind of blood? What?
-Look at me. Tell me.
[whispers]
Is this what you really want?
-Terry.
-Ha. you didn't say yes.
-Are you working
at your wedding?
-My book
goes to print Monday.
Hi. Welcome. How many is that?
-I told Les. Walt will walk you
down the aisle.
-Dad will.
-Optimism is naive
and not you.
-You have been perfectly cast
as negativity.
-Typecast. Hi. Diane.
-You're not helping.
Hi. Terry.
Need I remind you how many times
your father was a no-show?
Pick an event.
-Mom. your grievances
are not my grievances.
-I was the one left
to pick up the pieces.
-Oh. you mean
kick the pieces
and say "I told you so."
-If you don't wanna follow
in your father's footsteps.
you should be over there
with your husband-to-be.
That is your duty
as wife-to-be.
Don't mess this up. too.
-Mother of ice.
What an exit.
-Duty?
-Well. you are a wife-to-be.
-Oh. is that the book?
-Yeah.
-Am I in it?
-Okay. no one's in it.
It's fiction.
-I cannot believe
that you are getting married.
when you always said
you never wanted to.
And I always wanted to.
But I could never find the one.
not that there is. like. a one.
but I found him.
-Oh.
-Tim. this is my--
Has anyone seen Tim?
-Um. Erin. is that him?
-Oh. God. Uh. yeah.
Isn't he great?
-Yeah. he's...
-I'll be right back.
Hi. Terry.
-Hi.
[jazz music playing]
-I don't know what love is.
I don't know.
None of us do.
But they know. They know.
-Last time I spoke
to this many people
was for the launch
of the Ford Taurus.
as some of you probably know
I-I designed.
-Sorry. I'm gonna bring this
down to human height. [laughs]
-I've known you a long time.
Long time. 'member?
Les: Yeah. I do.
-Oh. this. um.
was Les' favorite song
when he was little.
You'll remember it. Les.
♪ I u-lu-lused to pla-lay-lay ♪
♪ The ol-old banjo-lo ♪
♪ And re-te-lest it ♪
♪ O-lo-lon my knee-lelelelee ♪
-But honestly. when I first
saw you two together.
I was like. "Mm-mm. no way.
never gonna happen.
It's never gonna happen."
Meg: We're so happy for you.
both: So happy for you.
-To my much older sister.
who found the one so easily.
'Cause of course.
-Lindy. Lindy. Lindy. Lindy.
you are... [inhales sharply]
You are hot.
-♪ And now-lo-low ♪
♪ The stri-li-lings ♪
♪ Are metal and so-lo-lo ♪
♪ This so-lo-long ♪
♪ I si-li-ling for you ♪
-Anyway. I'm hopeful.
you know.
I have my Tim.
-[microphone whines]
-We should ask them
what love is. right?
-[glass shatters]
-Oh! Drunk. [chuckles]
-Has anyone seen Tim?
-♪ This so-lo-long ♪
♪ I si-li-ling ♪
♪ For you-lu-lu-lu-lu ♪
-Love.
It's a beautiful thing.
-Where the fuck is the food?
-Minutes away. ma'am--
I mean miss.
-Alice. you said that
five minutes ago.
-I know. I know. it's...
Jim [on mic]: Peas and carrots.
-Daddy.
-You know. Lindy
was born on my birthday.
stealing my thunder
from day one.
[laughter]
From the moment my baby girl
breathed air. she screamed.
And not
just-been-born scream. no.
This one. this one
had something to say.
And I thought. "Holy shit...
-[both mouthing]
...now I got two women
screaming at me."
Hi. Diane.
[laughter]
Then I held her in my arms
and she suddenly
stopped screaming.
Silence.
The nurse said
she'd never seen
anything like it.
She said.
"You two belong together.
Like peas and carrots."
-[people clapping]
-He was in Milwaukee
the day she was born.
Jim: And to see her now.
young. in love.
getting married.
bright futures ahead of you.
It makes a man feel
a little bit. uh. giddy
just sharing the air
with you.
[chuckles]
As long as
there's no screamin'.
[laughter]
-You know.
when you got kids...
you see a little bit
of you in them.
And when they find someone
who loves them. it's...
it's like that
little piece of you
is getting that love. too.
It makes this old man feel...
very proud.
[crowd awwing]
Congratulations to you both.
I couldn't be happier.
Hey. you're the peas
and carrots now.
[chuckles]
[applause]
-Speech of the night.
-At least he didn't regale us
with his so-called
baseball career.
-Oh. baby. [chuckles]
-Oh. I'm so happy you're here.
-Gotta have someone
on your team. kiddo.
-Daddy.
[clears throat] this is Les.
-Mr. McMichael. an honor. sir.
-Jim. never sir.
[chuckles]
-Oh.
-And the honor is mine.
-Okay.
-But there's an obligation
I have as a father.
And that is that
if you break her heart...
Les: Uh-hmm.
-...I will break yours. son.
I'm kidding.
[both laughing]
-Clear. direct. threatening.
uh. with warmth and jest.
I can see where Lindy gets it.
Hey. hey.
-Diane.
-Jim.
-Walt.
-Les.
-Oh. uh. Kevin!
-Mom.
-Lindy.
-So. how about
that book of hers?
-My--you read it?
-Read it?
-It's incredible.
You're a big talent. Lindy.
-Dad.
-Chip off the old block.
And. boy. did you get
the Diane character
down to a tee.
Lindy: Dad.
-Yeah. It kept me looking
over my shoulder. kiddo.
-I'm--I'm--I'm in it?
-No. nobody's in it.
It's fiction.
-I'm a--I'm a character
in your book
and you managed to send him
an advance copy
to address unknown.
but not me?
-Mom.
-Walt?
-Diane.
-Mom.
-Kevin!
-Leslie. show Dad
what you were showing me.
-Oh. no. no. It's early days.
It's not--no. no.
-Show him. It's extraordinary.
Frank. Yeah.
-Yeah. show me. Come on.
-Okay. If you're sure.
-Food's not here yet.
-See? It's the perfect time.
Go on. dear.
-Okay. Well. um. Dad.
I... [chuckles]
I am on the brink
of inventing the GMO tomato.
-Oh.
-It's the...
So the genetically modified
tomato really has the potential
to. um. change agriculture
as we know it.
And Monsanto. uh.
is interested. actually.
-Hasn't the tomato
already been invented?
-Yeah. but this is
a new kind of--
this is a different
kind of tomato.
-You love tomatoes. Frank.
-I do love tomatoes
in the sandwich.
Does it--
does it look like a tomato?
-Yeah. but it's
genetically modified.
-And it tastes like a tomato?
-Yes. But--yeah.
-It's a tomato?
-It is. It is. Yeah.
Frank: Nice.
-Yup. Yup.
-You see? He's impressed.
-[laughs] Yeah.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
-Uh. bullshit to marriage.
bullshit to happy.
Do you wanna know what genre
I file romance under? Fantasy.
And as for Lindy
and the Nutty Professor.
science fiction.
I'm just waiting
for the day my phone rings
and she's accidentally
got two heads.
-Attention.
distinguished guests.
The food is on its way.
all: Whoo!
Alice:
Please return to your seats
in a timely manner
and we'll--
[microphone squeals]
Diane: "Chapter Nine.
Mother of Ice."
-Oh. fuck.
-"My mother
was not kind or warm."
-Walt. go stop her.
-Yeah.
-Do something.
-I'm no hero.
Diane: "...emotional icicle."
Lindy: Okay. All right.
Everybody. take your seats.
Sit down.
Don't worry. everybody. Mom.
-"Her feelings frozen
into harsh..."
-Okay. We're gonna eat.
-"...jagged edges..."
-Let's. uh...
Diane: "...ready to impale
anyone who got too..."
Lindy: Stop it.
-Diane.
-You're ruining--Mom.
what the fuck are you doing?
You're ruining my wedding.
Les: Diane.
would you like some coffee?
Where is. uh. Kevin?
Diane: "As soon as..."
Lindy: You know what?
Let's just...
Les: Kevin? Kevin?
-I'm--I'm--
"as soon as my mother..."
-Diane. Diane.
-Kevin!
-"...temperature dropped.
the air sparked."
-When you want him.
he's never freakin' there.
Kevin! We need coffee.
-Okay.
Let's just--can I unplug this?
-Yeah.
It's a good idea. great idea.
Diane: "...scorned
my mother's love."
Lindy: Unplug it. Mom.
Jim: What are you doing?
-"Hell hath no fury
"like a repressed
middle-aged mother scorned.
"My mother's love.
conditional.
"It had to be earned.
it had to be controlled."
-Kevin!
Diane: Unhand me.
Diane: Ah!
-[screams] I'm burning!
-He's fine. He's fine.
He's not burning.
-"My mother was not one
to forget or forgive."
-Mother. stop!
-We're getting
out of here. Walt.
-[crowd gasps]
-Oh. Jesus! Fuck. Diane!
-Drop the knife. Mom.
Put the knife down.
-Oh! Ow. ow. ow. ow!
-[crowd gasping]
I've been stabbed!
-Oh. Les.
man: Oh. fuck!
Les: I've been stabbed!
Femoral artery.
I could bleed out!
-I gotta pull it. right?
-No. don't pull it out.
Lindy: It's okay.
Les: I don't think it's gonna be
fine with me!
Lindy: I'm gonna take it out.
-I really don't think
you should take it out.
-Three. two. one!
-No. Lindy!
[all gasp]
[Les and Lindy screaming]
-Everybody's getting stabbed.
-Oh. let's get you
out of here. dear.
[grunts]
[microphone squeals]
[gasping]
-[screaming]
-Oh. my God.
-Walter. could you restrain
your fuckin' wife!
-Walt. Walt.
-Don't tell me what to do.
-Come on! Go there!
-I'm telling ya... [grunting]
-I fuckin' will.
-Dad!
-Frank!
-Jim!
-[screaming]
[indistinct shouting]
-Holy Gracious Savior.
you called it.
-A double stabbing.
-Should've put money on it.
-Marriage. Blood sport.
-Will everybody
please sit down
and enjoy
the fucking tuna tartare?!
[indistinct chatter]
officer:
Uh. what happened exactly?
-Rehearsal dinner.
-Got it.
-By the way.
I liked your speech a lot.
-By the way...
I liked your face a lot.
-My room. let's go. Now.
-Bless this shepherd.
I should probably
introduce myself...
-Don't.
-...I'm--oh.
woman: What's the secret
to a happy marriage?
-Being in sync.
-Being...in sync.
[Les laughing]
-Such a shit...
-What a shit show. [laughs]
-Oh. my God. my family.
Always with the drama.
-Oh. my God. Fuck.
-I mean.
I only wanted to get married
to join your normal family
so I could escape
from the madness of my own.
-Only?
Only?
[tense music playing]
-Les.
-You only wanted to get married
to join my normal family?
Do you have any idea
how small that makes me feel?
-Whoa. hey.
Nothing's changed.
And I love you.
-Not enough to not work
at our rehearsal dinner. right?
Maybe I could--maybe
I could still feel my thigh.
-What happened to.
"Everything that goes bad
is good.
makes for a better story"?
Are-- We're not even doing this
for real. are we?
-I don't know. Are we?
-What's happening?
Is this maybe
the drugs talking?
-Uh. maybe. maybe.
But maybe not.
-Hang on. Where are you going?
-Going to my room.
-I mean. come--
Les. let's just fuck that
traditional wedding
superstition stuff.
-Well. you wanna--
you wanna fuck the wedding?
-That is not what I just said.
-But that's what you meant.
-No.
-Wait.
What's this?
Lindy: I--come--I...I...
-"Let"-- That's your vow?
"Let's do this thing"?
-Come on. I...
Les: That?
-That's--I--I'm--
tomorrow I'm gonna--
I wanted to be...
-I got it. I got it.
It really is a fucking wedding.
I understand.
-Hey. where--where-- Wait.
Am I gonna see you tomorrow?
-Am I gonna see you tomorrow?
[soft music playing]
-Hey.
Cold feet?
-Maybe.
-Drink?
-Yeah.
-All right.
-I'm sorry about your arm.
-Aw. she's been waitin'
20 years
to stab me with something.
It's okay.
-I think this wedding
was a mistake.
-The wedding or the marriage?
I gotta say.
I never thought I'd see
my little firecracker
settle down.
-But you like Les. right?
-You chose dependable
over exciting.
-Is that bad?
-We don't do dependable.
me and you.
Hmm.
-I wanted normal.
I've never had normal.
-Well... [sighs]
not-normal fueled your talent.
Hell. you wrote
a fantastic book because of it.
Normal can kill
a creative spark.
-That's why
I can't write my vows maybe.
-Could be. Jeez. I should know.
Before I met Diane.
I was a lock for the majors.
But you know the story.
-Yep.
Yeah. You got married.
and then. the armoire...
-The armoire. whatever.
-...to go...
that dresser thing
she wanted upstairs.
Had to have it upstairs.
and then.
tore a ligament and...
that was that.
-Yeah.
-Goodbye. baseball career.
-You really think you would've
been a baseball star
if you hadn't married Mom?
-Hm.
After we divorced.
I started playing down in
the Mexican Pacific League.
Everyone thought
I was washed up.
The coach was. uh.
forced to sign me.
So. yeah.
he benched me game after game.
And one day. their star player
got injured.
and coach had no choice
but to send me in to bat.
First pitch. swing and a miss.
Second pitch. another whiff.
If I blow it. I'm done.
The next pitch.
I hit that goddamn ball
so hard it smashes out
the stadium lights.
sparks flying onto the field.
crowd goes wild.
And I knew.
I mean.
I remembered in that moment
for great talent to thrive.
you gotta put you first.
You hear me. kiddo?
-Yeah. Yeah.
-Yeah?
-I'll have the car running
tomorrow morning
if you wanna make a run for it.
We both know this isn't you.
Peas and carrots.
Uh. I'll be right back.
I gotta see a man about a horse.
[chuckles]
-Um. you do know
that was the plot
of The Natural.
right?
-Oh. yeah. Kevin. I know.
[dramatic music playing]
[Les sobbing]
[knocking]
-Are you crying?
-No.
Are you smoking?
-Is it because I stabbed you?
-No.
Is it 'cause you stabbed me?
-Yes.
What did she say
or what did she do?
-She was so. uh. excited.
Yeah.
-Mm.
Fear cloaked in excitement.
And now she wants to run.
-Well. she didn't say that.
-She didn't have to.
Lindy is like Jim.
but she's more like me
than she realizes.
The more she loves someone.
the more she fears
they will run.
We have the endlessly charming
Jim to thank for that.
Say what you will about me.
but I stuck around.
I know I am not easy
or charming.
And contrary to popular belief.
I am not a monster.
After Jim left...
[tender music playing]
my heart broke.
Yes. Mother of Ice has a heart.
I vowed I'd never marry again.
Then I met Walt.
He's a good one.
I may be the only one
who sees that.
but everyone else
can fuck right off.
-[chuckles]
-Now. you. Les...
you are one
of the good ones. too.
And Lindy knows it.
And that's why
she's trying so hard not to run.
This conversation
never happened.
-Diane. thank you.
-Not bad
for an emotional icicle.
[orchestral music playing]
[music muffled]
-[sighs]
Fuck.
[sighs]
[car horn honking]
-Oh. Daddy.
Les [on megaphone]:
Janet Reno!
-[chuckles]
[orchestral music continues]
Janet Reno!
Oh. you're my hero.
-Let's do this thing.
Lindy: Whoo!
Les: Let's go!
-You took my fucking bullhorn!
Kevin!
-What did-- We end up here--?
-How about...
[laughs]
-This is not us. It's not us.
-But is it you?
Be honest.
-Yeah.
I wanted to get married. to you.
And I wanted a wedding.
I did. But you? Um...
-Didn't.
-No.
So why did you say yes?
-Because I didn't
wanna lose you.
-Or my family.
-But you see why now. right?
-[snickers]
-I just wanted...
was longing for some sense of...
-Normal.
-Yeah. I said I'd do
what I had always
said I wouldn't do
'cause I didn't want you to go.
-Go?
I am an overly educated.
uh. science nerd nobody
with--with one dumb idea
no one gives a shit about.
-You are brilliant
and you're gonna
change the world.
I truly believe you will.
And I can't wrap my head around
why you wanna stay
with a dum-dum like me.
-When you tell me I can change
the world. then I believe it.
And there is nothing I want more
than to be
with a dum-dum like you
forever.
Fuck the paperwork.
-But you want the paperwork.
-But you don't. You don't.
So fuck it.
-But you saying fuck it really
makes me fucking happy. though.
-I fucking love you.
[lighthearted music playing]
But now. I just wanna
un-fuck it and just get married.
-[laughs] Wow.
What. fucking for real?
-But for us. like our...
our thing. Our...
-Yeah.
-...our normal. Our version.
And--and no drama.
-Yes. No violence...
-No.
-...no police.
-No family.
-No.
[chuckles]
-And I know a perfect place.
-The gray house.
-[gasps]
-[screams]
[tires screeching]
-The secret?
Not having a wedding.
[Diane scoffs]
-Having two.
-Diane. don't make me
come over there.
-I. Les Littlejohn.
do not take you.
Lindy McMichael.
to be my wedded wife.
-And I. Lindy McMichael.
do not take you. Les Littlejohn.
to be my wedded husband.
-Not?
-Never.
-Never. ever.
-You are signing
the papers. yes?
-Yes.
-Yeah.
-Okay. Well. I now pronounce you
not husband and wife.
[cheering and applause]
[tender music playing]
[crowd cheering]
[music continues]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm